Almost every day in Seattle, car accidents occur. In fact, car accidents are a leading cause of death in the city as well--among the top 10. However, they vary in severity: some are low impact and cause small injuries, while others are high-impact and can prove to be fatal for those involved. The type of impact relates to a multitude of factors such as the weather conditions, the road conditions, what type of road it was, whether or not the drivers were driving under influence, etc. This blend of factors, together, entails many problems. The biggest issue here is obviously the lives and overall health of those involved in the accidents: ignorance to any of the aforementioned factors can seriously damage a human being and, potentially, his/her life. However, there are also other crucial issues such as property damage entailed by the impact of the accident on car, medical bills depending on the critical situation of those involved in accidents, and insurance-complexities: what is covered, what isn’t, and who pays. In short, accidents create many complexities with regards to medical health and fiscal matters which can be precautioned against if attention is paid to the aforementioned factors during and before driving. Now that we have discussed the complexities that arise from, it is necessary to augment to that and interpret the target audience for a machine learning model that could successfully predict the severity for an accident. First and foremost, this could be drivers with longer routes. When making long road-trips, it is important to arrange travel plans to know exactly what you will be facing on the road. Our model can predict the severity of a potential accident based on the road, weather conditions, location, etc. and thus caution the driver to either take alternate routes or be more attentive when driving. If our model predicts a high severity, the everyday driver will drive more slowly to ensure safety. Another potential audience could be road-maintenance workers. If our model predicts high severity of a car accident on certain roads, especially due to road conditions, these workers can learn from our prediction and work to better them by cleaning up snow, precipitation, etc.  
